1. State your name, the course, the homework, and the date.
	Name: Lauren Sherburne
	Course: CSCI 341 - Computer Organization
	Homework: Module 3 Program 3B
	Date: 11/05/2020

2. How long in total did you spend on the program (design, code, debug, reporting)?
	I spent about 6 hours in total on this program.

3. Discuss your approach to the problem: where did you begin, and what steps did you take to complete the program? how did your
approach change as you worked through the problem? did code walk-through, the debugger, or some other technique or tool help resolve
issues?
	I began this program by writing pseudocode that broke down the program and procedures into steps that I could easily follow. Then,
	I started by writing out the .data and .text sections and moving on to complete main so that I would be able to effectively test
	my procedures. I started with the tostring procedure since it seemed easiest to write before moving on to the longest procedure
	and finally the overhead procedure. I used breakpoints to help fix a few bugs in my code throughout the process.

4. What help did you seek out beyond the course material, and did it help resolve your problem?
	Other than using course material, I went to office hours once for help storing the value for $ra on the stack when calling jal
	within a the overhead procedure. 

5. What parts of your code could use improvement or disappointed you (what work didn’t you get done, that more time would have enabled
you to finish, or what bugs did you not resolve)?
	I could have altered my code to allow the user to input the number of cycle values that they wanted to use as described in the 
	bonus section. Also, I use a lot of comments throughout the code which made it very extensive and somewhat difficult to read. I
	think that if I shortened or removed a few comments, it would be easier to follow.

6. Which part of your code are you the most pleased about?
	I am most pleased that I completed and debugged almost all of my code without needing help. Also, the code in my overhead
	procedure is what pleased me the most about this project because for me, it was the most difficult to finish successfully.

7. Discuss how your code follows the procedure calling conventions (ABI)
	My code uses a header comment as well as comments throughout that allow readers to follow along with what the program is
	accomplishing. Also, the program uses clear, consistent, and unique names for variables and procedures. The tab space was
	consistently 4 spaces, too, and indentations were used to make the code easier to read.