1. State your name, the course, the homework, and the date.
   Name: Lauren Sherburne
   Course: Computer Organization (CSCI 341)
   Homework: Approximating LRU - M4 Program 4

2. How long in total did you spend on the program (design, code, debug, reporting)?
   9 hours

3. Discuss your approach to the problem: where did you begin, and what steps did you take to complete the program? how did
your approach change as you worked through the problem? did code walk-through, the debugger, or some other technique or
tool help resolve issues?
   I started with pseudocode and then moved on to writing the actual program. First, I created main to read in values from
   the user and exit the program if the numbers were out of bounds. Then, I wrote a procedure that took in an integer from
   main and printed the state of the system. Finally, I used the loop inside of main to update the system based on the
   user's entry.

4. What help did you seek out beyond the course material, and did it help resolve your problem?
   In addition to course material, I went to office hours because I was confused on two things: how the integer (0-7) is 
   actually converted to a 4 digit system (I had a tough time understanding this concept even though I rewatched the
   lecture on it multiple times, but eventually, I got it), and how to update the system based on the user's input.
   Eventually, after talking to a TA (and a rubber duck), I was able to resolve my problems and finish the program.

5. What parts of your code could use improvement or disappointed you (what work didn’t you get done, that more time would
have enabled you to finish, or what bugs did you not resolve)?
   For some reason, I think my code is spitting out the wrong set of numbers on one of the graded inputs, but I did not
   have enough time to figure out why this was happening. Additionally, the code is a bit messy and I would have liked time
   to make it more readable by others.

6. Which part of your code are you the most pleased about?
   I am most pleased about my procedure that prints the state of the system because it seemed very complicated when I was
   attempting to write it, but I completed it without any outside assistance.

7. Discuss how you tested your code or otherwise ensured it was behaving correctly.
   Throughout the coding process, I tested the code to make sure it worked properly. Any time that I added a new section of
   code or altered an already-written section, I plugged in some values to ensure that it was performing as expected.